viewer-core/README.md, before:

# viewer-core

A Java Swing Panel that allows rotation, translation and zooming

![ViewerScreenshot01.png](/screenshots/ViewerScreenshot01.png)

The `Viewer` class is a `JPanel` that allows rotating, 
translating and zooming the painted objects. The actual
painting is therefore delegated to the `Painter` interface,
which receives information about the world-to-screen 
transformation as an `AffineTransform`, and may paint the
the transformed elements.

The basic usage is demonstrated in the 
[ViewerTest](https://github.com/javagl/Viewer/blob/master/src/test/java/de/javagl/viewer/test/ViewerTest.java)
class, which also demonstrates some of the additional 
capabilities, and uses two implementations of the 
`Painter` interface to show the crucial difference between
applying a transform to the `Graphics2D`, and applying
a transform to the painted objects.

The control of the viewer is usually done with `MouseListener`s,
`MouseMotionListener`s and `MouseWheelListener`s. Default 
implementations (for default controls) are summarized in the
`MouseControls` class, which can conveniently be attached to
the viewer. 


# Changes

0.1.0-SNAPSHOT :
  * Project restructuring, combining the different viewer libraries

0.0.3 : 

  * Replaced `GeomUtils` class with dependency to `de.javagl:geom:0.0.1`
  * Added zoom limiting in `Viewer` to prevent rendering errors for very
    large or very small zooming factors
  * Added the `painters` package, containing default `Painter` implementations
  * Added methods in the `Painters` class to create transformed and 
    composed `Painter` instances.

0.0.2 : 

  * Added convenience methods in viewer
  * Handled the case that the state of maintaining the
    aspect ratio interferes with setting the world area

0.0.1 : 

  * Initial commit

Commit message:

Default mouse controls require no modifiers
The default mouse control actions should only be applied
when NO modifiers are present, so that custom actions may
be applied when modifiers are present

viewer-core/README.md, after:

# viewer-core

A Java Swing Panel that allows rotation, translation and zooming

![ViewerScreenshot01.png](/screenshots/ViewerScreenshot01.png)

The `Viewer` class is a `JPanel` that allows rotating, 
translating and zooming the painted objects. The actual
painting is therefore delegated to the `Painter` interface,
which receives information about the world-to-screen 
transformation as an `AffineTransform`, and may paint the
the transformed elements.

The basic usage is demonstrated in the 
[ViewerTest](https://github.com/javagl/Viewer/blob/master/src/test/java/de/javagl/viewer/test/ViewerTest.java)
class, which also demonstrates some of the additional 
capabilities, and uses two implementations of the 
`Painter` interface to show the crucial difference between
applying a transform to the `Graphics2D`, and applying
a transform to the painted objects.

The control of the viewer is usually done with `MouseListener`s,
`MouseMotionListener`s and `MouseWheelListener`s. Default 
implementations (for default controls) are summarized in the
`MouseControls` class, which can conveniently be attached to
the viewer. 


# Changes

0.X.X :
  * The default `MouseControl` now allows rotation and translation
    only when no modifier (SHIFT, ALT, ALT-GR or CTRL) is pressed.
    This allows adding specific functionality for the cases where
    these modifiers are pressed.

0.1.0 :
  * Project restructuring, combining the different viewer libraries

0.0.3 : 

  * Replaced `GeomUtils` class with dependency to `de.javagl:geom:0.0.1`
  * Added zoom limiting in `Viewer` to prevent rendering errors for very
    large or very small zooming factors
  * Added the `painters` package, containing default `Painter` implementations
  * Added methods in the `Painters` class to create transformed and 
    composed `Painter` instances.

0.0.2 : 

  * Added convenience methods in viewer
  * Handled the case that the state of maintaining the
    aspect ratio interferes with setting the world area

0.0.1 : 

  * Initial commit
